http://www.yelp.com/biz/aerospace-museum-of-california-mcclellan aerospace_museum_of_california
http://www.yelp.com/biz/american-river-bike-trail-sacramento american_river_bike_trail
http://www.yelp.com/biz/california-automobile-museum-sacramento california_automobile_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/california-state-capitol-museum-sacramento california_state_capitol_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/california-state-railroad-museum-sacramento california_state_railroad_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/cathedral-of-the-blessed-sacrament-sacramento cathedral_of_the_blessed_sacrament
http://www.yelp.com/biz/crocker-art-museum-sacramento crocker_art_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/fairytale-town-sacramento fairytale_town
http://www.yelp.com/biz/golfland-sunsplash-roseville golfland_sunsplash_roseville
http://www.yelp.com/biz/old-sacramento-sacramento old_sacramento
http://www.yelp.com/biz/raging-waters-sacramento raging_waters
http://www.yelp.com/biz/sacramento-zoo-sacramento-3 sacramento_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/sutters-fort-state-historic-park-sacramento sutters_fort_state_historic_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/thunder-valley-casino-resort-lincoln thunder_valley_casino_resort
http://www.yelp.com/biz/indian-canyons-palm-springs indian_canyons
http://www.yelp.com/biz/palm-springs-aerial-tramway-palm-springs palm_springs_aerial_tramway
http://www.yelp.com/biz/palm-springs-air-museum-palm-springs palm_springs_air_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-well-spa-at-miramonte-resort-indian-wells-2 the_well_spa_at_miramonte_resort
http://www.yelp.com/biz/villagefest-palm-springs villagefest_palm_springs
http://www.yelp.com/biz/palm-springs-walk-of-the-stars-palm-springs palm_springs_walk_of_the_stars
http://www.yelp.com/biz/arroyo-burro-beach-santa-barbara arroyo_burro_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/lotusland-santa-barbara-3 lotusland_santa_barbara
http://www.yelp.com/biz/santa-barbara-botanic-garden-santa-barbara santa_barbara_botanic_garden
http://www.yelp.com/biz/santa-barbara-zoo-santa-barbara santa_barbara_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shoreline-park-santa-barbara shoreline_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-granada-theatre-santa-barbara the_granada_theatre_santa_barbara
http://www.yelp.com/biz/bear-mountain-big-bear-lake bear_mountain-big_bear_lake
http://www.yelp.com/biz/joshua-tree-national-park-twentynine-palms joshua_tree_national_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-bear-lake-village-big-bear-lake big_bear_lake_village_big_bear_lake
http://www.yelp.com/biz/city-of-south-lake-tahoe-south-lake-tahoe city_of_south_lake_tahoe
http://www.yelp.com/biz/lassen-volcanic-national-park-mineral lassen_volcanic_national_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/muir-woods-national-monument-mill-valley muir_woods_national_monument
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pfeiffer-beach-big-sur pfeiffer_beach_big_sur
http://www.yelp.com/biz/point-lobos-state-reserve-carmel point_lobos_state_reserve
http://www.yelp.com/biz/redwood-national-and-state-parks-orick redwood_national_and_state_parks
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-simeon-state-park-and-campground-cambria san_simeon_state_park_and_campground
http://www.yelp.com/biz/sequoia-and-kings-canyon-national-park-three-rivers sequoia_and_kings_canyon_national_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/waterworks-park-redding waterworks_park_redding
http://www.yelp.com/biz/golden-gate-bridge-san-francisco	golden_gate_bridge
http://www.yelp.com/biz/alcatraz-island-san-francisco	alcatraz_island
http://www.yelp.com/biz/fishermans-wharf-san-francisco-3	fishermans_wharf
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-franciscos-chinatown-san-francisco	san_francisco_chinatown
http://www.yelp.com/biz/union-square-san-francisco-2	union_square
http://www.yelp.com/biz/lombard-street-san-francisco-3	lombard_street
http://www.yelp.com/biz/aquarium-of-the-bay-san-francisco aquarium_of_the_bay
http://www.yelp.com/biz/ghirardelli-square-san-francisco ghirardelli_square
http://www.yelp.com/biz/sfmoma-san-francisco?osq=san+francisco+museum+of+modern+art san_francisco_museum_of_modern_art
http://www.yelp.com/biz/twin-peaks-san-francisco	twin_peaks
http://www.yelp.com/biz/angel-island-state-park-tiburon	angel_island_state_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pier-39-san-francisco	pier_39
http://www.yelp.com/biz/california-academy-of-sciences-san-francisco	california_academy_of_sciences
http://www.yelp.com/biz/at-and-t-park-san-francisco	at&t_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/muir-woods-national-monument-mill-valley	muir_woods_national_monument
http://www.yelp.com/biz/six-flags-discovery-kingdom-vallejo	six_flags_discovery_kingdom
http://www.yelp.com/biz/lands-end-san-francisco	lands_end
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rodeo-beach-sausalito	rodeo_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-mystery-spot-santa-cruz	mystery_spot
http://www.yelp.com/biz/japanese-tea-garden-san-francisco	japanese_tea_garden
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-francisco-zoo-san-francisco	san_francisco_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/uss-hornet-museum-alameda-2	uss_hornet_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/bay-area-discovery-museum-sausalito	bay_area_discovery_kingdom
http://www.yelp.com/biz/oakland-zoo-oakland	oakland_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/ocean-beach-san-francisco	ocean_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/lake-merritt-oakland	lake_merritt
http://www.yelp.com/biz/paramount-theatre-oakland-oakland	paramount_theatre
http://www.yelp.com/biz/oakland-aviation-museum-oakland	oakland_aviation_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/stanford-memorial-church-palo-alto	stanford_memorial_church
http://www.yelp.com/biz/winchester-mystery-house-san-jose	winchester_mystery_house
http://www.yelp.com/biz/happy-hollow-park-and-zoo-san-jose	happy_hallow_park_&_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-jose-city-hall-san-jose	san_jose_city_hall
http://www.yelp.com/biz/santa-cruz-beach-boardwalk-santa-cruz	santa_cruz_beach_boardwalk
http://www.yelp.com/biz/natural-bridges-state-beach-santa-cruz?osq=natural+bridges+state+park	natural_bridges_state_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/wilder-ranch-state-park-santa-cruz	wilder_ranch_state_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/new-brighton-state-beach-capitola	new_brighton_state_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-giant-dipper-santa-cruz	giant_dipper
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pleasure-point-santa-cruz	pleasure_point
http://www.yelp.com/biz/monterey-bay-aquarium-monterey	monterey_bay_aquarium
http://www.yelp.com/biz/mazda-raceway-laguna-seca-salinas	mazda_raceway
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pebble-beach-golf-links-carmel-2	pebble_beach_golf_links
http://www.yelp.com/biz/cannery-row-monterey	cannery_row
http://www.yelp.com/biz/universal-studios-hollywood-universal-city	universal_studios
http://www.yelp.com/biz/griffith-observatory-los-angeles-2	griffith_observatory
http://www.yelp.com/biz/santa-monica-pier-santa-monica	santa_monica_pier
http://www.yelp.com/biz/santa-catalina-island-avalon	santa_catalina_island
http://www.yelp.com/biz/el-matador-state-beach-malibu	el_matador_state_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/malibu-pier-malibu	malibu_pier
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-getty-center-los-angeles-2	getty_center
http://www.yelp.com/biz/backbone-trail-malibu	backbone_trail
http://www.yelp.com/biz/california-science-center-los-angeles-3	california_science_center
http://www.yelp.com/biz/nethercutt-museum-sylmar	nethercutt_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/los-angeles-county-museum-of-art-los-angeles-7?osq=la+county+museum+of+art	la_county_museum_of_art
http://www.yelp.com/biz/six-flags-magic-mountain-valencia-3	six_flags_magic_mountain
http://www.yelp.com/biz/battleship-uss-iowa-san-pedro	battleship_uss_iowa
http://www.yelp.com/biz/greek-theatre-los-angeles	greek_theatre
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-grove-los-angeles-2	the_grove
http://www.yelp.com/biz/page-museum-at-the-la-brea-tar-pits-los-angeles	page_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/petersen-automotive-museum-los-angeles-2?osq=peterson+automotive+museum	peterson_automotive_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/autry-national-center-los-angeles-4	autry_national_center
http://www.yelp.com/biz/runyon-canyon-park-los-angeles-2	runyon_canyon_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/annenberg-space-for-photography-los-angeles	annenberg_space_for_photography
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pierce-brothers-westwood-village-memorial-park-and-mortuary-los-angeles	pierce_brothers_memorial
http://www.yelp.com/biz/madame-tussauds-hollywood-hollywood?osq=madam+tussauds	madame_tussauds
http://www.yelp.com/biz/dodger-stadium-los-angeles	dodger_stadium
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-grammy-museum-los-angeles	grammy_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/venice-canals-venice-2?osq=venice+canals+walkway	venice_canals
http://www.yelp.com/biz/skirball-cultural-center-los-angeles	skirball_cultural_center
http://www.yelp.com/biz/citadel-outlets-los-angeles	citadel_outlets
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-bradbury-building-los-angeles	bradbury_building
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-hollywood-museum-hollywood	hollywood_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/flight-path-learning-center-museum-los-angeles	flight_path_learning_center_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/japanese-american-national-museum-los-angeles	japanese_american_national_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/watts-towers-arts-center-los-angeles	watts_towers
http://www.yelp.com/biz/los-angeles-museum-of-the-holocaust-los-angeles-2	los_angeles_museum_of_the_holocaust
http://www.yelp.com/biz/venice-beach-venice	venice_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/staples-center-los-angeles	staples_center
http://www.yelp.com/biz/zuma-beach-malibu-2	zuma_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/point-dume-state-beach-malibu	point_dume
http://www.yelp.com/biz/hollywood-walk-of-fame-hollywood	hollywood_walk_of_fame
http://www.yelp.com/biz/tcl-chinese-theatre-hollywood	chinese_theatre
http://www.yelp.com/biz/los-angeles-zoo-and-botanical-gardens-los-angeles	los_angeles_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/disneyland-park-anaheim-4	disneyland
http://www.yelp.com/biz/hollywood-bowl-hollywood	hollywood_bowl
http://www.yelp.com/biz/universal-citywalk-hollywood-universal-city	universal_citywalk
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rodeo-drive-beverly-hills-4	rodeo_drive
http://www.yelp.com/biz/huntington-city-beach-los-angeles	huntington_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/manhattan-beach-manhattan-beach-3	manhattan_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/walt-disney-concert-hall-los-angeles	walt_disney_concert_hall
http://www.yelp.com/biz/warner-brothers-studios-burbank?osq=warner+bros+studio	warner_bros_studios
http://www.yelp.com/biz/jet-propulsion-lab-california-institute-of-technology-pasadena	jet_propulsion_laboratory
http://www.yelp.com/biz/seaworld-san-diego	sea_world
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-zoo-san-diego	san_diego_zoo
http://www.yelp.com/biz/balboa-park-san-diego	balbua_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/uss-midway-museum-san-diego	USS_midway_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-zoo-safari-park-escondido	san_diego_safari_world
http://www.yelp.com/biz/old-town-san-diego-state-historic-park-san-diego	san_diego_historic_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/torrey-pines-state-reserve-la-jolla	torrey_pines_state_natural_reserve
http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-jolla-cove-la-jolla	la_jolla_cove
http://www.yelp.com/biz/point-loma-san-diego	point_luma
http://www.yelp.com/biz/cabrillo-national-monument-san-diego	cabrillo_national_monument
http://www.yelp.com/biz/seaport-village-san-diego-2	sea_port_village
http://www.yelp.com/biz/belmont-park-san-diego	belmont_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/birch-aquarium-la-jolla-2	birch_aquarium
http://www.yelp.com/biz/windansea-beach-san-diego	windansea_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-natural-history-museum-san-diego	san_diego_natural_hostory_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/mount-soledad-veterans-memorial-la-jolla	mount_soledad
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-san-diego-coronado-bridge-san-diego-2	coronado_bridge
http://www.yelp.com/biz/petco-park-san-diego	petco_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-museum-of-art-san-diego-2	san_diego_museum_of_art
http://www.yelp.com/biz/torrey-pines-state-beach-san-diego	torrey_pines_state_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/reuben-h-fleet-science-center-san-diego	reuben_h_fleet_science_center
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-air-and-space-museum-san-diego	san_diego_air_&_space_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/aquatica-san-diego-chula-vista	aquatica
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-automotive-museum-san-diego	automative_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/mission-trails-regional-park-san-diego	mission_trails_regional_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/childrens-pool-la-jolla	children's_pool
http://www.yelp.com/biz/sunset-cliffs-san-diego-2	sunset_cliffs_natioanl_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/del-mar-city-beach-del-mar	del_mar_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/imperial-beach-imperial-beach	imperial_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-diego-model-railroad-museum-san-diego	san_diego_model_railroad_museum
http://www.yelp.com/biz/legoland-california-carlsbad	legoland
http://www.yelp.com/biz/moonlight-state-beach-encinitas	moonlight_state_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pacific-beach-boardwalk-san-diego	pacific_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/tourmaline-surf-park-san-diego	tourmaline_surf_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/museum-of-making-music-carlsbad	museum_of_making_music
http://www.yelp.com/biz/carlsbad-state-beach-carlsbad	carlsbad_state_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-flower-fields-carlsbad	flower_fields
http://www.yelp.com/biz/carlsbad-lagoon-carlsbad-2	carlsbad_lagoon
http://www.yelp.com/biz/mission-basilica-san-diego-de-alcala-san-diego	mission_basilica
http://www.yelp.com/biz/boomers-san-diego	boomers
http://www.yelp.com/biz/knotts-berry-farm-buena-park	knotts_berry_farm
http://www.yelp.com/biz/miramar-speed-circuit-san-diego	miramar_speed_circuit
http://www.yelp.com/biz/ocean-beach-san-diego	ocean_beach
http://www.yelp.com/biz/savage-house-san-diego-4	savage_house
http://www.yelp.com/biz/natural-history-museum-los-angeles	natural_history_museum_los_angeles
http://www.yelp.com/biz/forest-lawn-memorial-park-cypress	forest_lawm_memorial_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/griffith-park-los-angeles-2	griffith_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/will-rogers-state-historic-park-pacific-palisades	will_rogers_state_historic_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/korean-bell-of-friendship-los-angeles	korean_bell_of_friendship
http://www.yelp.com/biz/s-s-lane-victory-san-pedro	s_s_lane_victory
http://www.yelp.com/biz/museum-of-tolerance-los-angeles	museum_of_tolerance
http://www.yelp.com/biz/center-theatre-group-ahmanson-theatre-los-angeles	ahmson_theatre
http://www.yelp.com/biz/cabrillo-marine-aquarium-san-pedro	cabrillo_marine_aquarium
http://www.yelp.com/biz/exposition-park-los-angeles	exposition_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/topanga-state-park-topanga	topanga_state_park
http://www.yelp.com/biz/cathedral-of-our-lady-of-the-angels-los-angeles	cathedral_of_our_old_lady
http://www.yelp.com/biz/hollywood-hills-los-angeles-2	hollywood_hills
http://www.yelp.com/biz/olvera-street-los-angeles	olivera_street
http://www.yelp.com/biz/mulholland-drive-los-angeles	mulholland_drive
http://www.yelp.com/biz/peter-strauss-ranch-agoura-hills	peter_strauss
http://www.yelp.com/biz/temescal-canyon-gateway-park-pacific-palisades	temescal_canyon_gateway_park